Our Team Data has undoubtedly become the fuel for competitive advantage in the 21st century. And organizations want to derive value out of the data that they own. But with data that is often incomplete, inconsistent, ungoverned and unprotected, organizations risk data being a liability rather than an asset. Few Of The Features Include Informatica’s Intelligent Data Lake (IDL) group has been chartered with the task of building a product to help our customers harness maximum business value out of the data they own. Our end-to-end solution, which is a market differentiator, aims at improving the day to day life of a Business-Analyst. Smart semantic search, to find useful data present across the organizationSelf-service data curation tool with an easy-to-use Excel like interface, to cleanse/transform data using string, math, date and logical operationsOperationalize above curation steps to scale using Apache Hadoop To learn more about IDL: https://www.informatica.com/in/products/big-data/intelligent-data-lake.html Your Opportunity The position is suited for highly motivated and energetic individuals with a desire to work on the development of products that solve real customer needs. As part of the Development team, you will be responsible for Designing amp; Implementing new product featuresLeading feature implementations through the full software development life cycle and deliver compelling customer experiencesProactively researching and investigating external products and emerging technologies Revising software development practices to bring efficiencies within the teamSupporting Product Management on POC’s and Customer engagements Required Qualifications Strong academic background – B.Tech./M.Tech./Ph.D. in Computer Science from top schoolsComprehensive knowledge of data structures, algorithms amp; design patternsKnowledge of object-oriented design and multithreaded programming in Java (or) C++2-5 years of Enterprise Software Development experience building complex software products across multiple releasesA thorough understanding of all the systems worked on so far Excellent written amp; verbal communication and presentation skillsExperience in the field of Big Data, working with any of the Hadoop Distributions, is good to have At Informatica, We “DATA”. We Do Good, Act As One Team, Think Customer First, and Aspire For The Future. Informatica enables companies to unleash the power of data to become more agile, realize new growth opportunities, lead to new inventions resulting in intelligent market disruptions. A career with Informatica gives you all the opportunities and benefits that can only come from working for the trusted industry leader, including amazing, energetic team members; a globally diverse workplace; and a company dedicated to your success, growth and advancement.